Documentation improvements (#145)
Stormbase/django-otp-webauthn: docs/reference/configuration.rst

.. _ref_configuration:

Configuration
=============

This reference page lists all the available configuration options and what

> effect they have. Configure these options in your Django settings file, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This reference page lists the available configuration options and describes what each option controls. Configure these options in your Django `<project>/settings.py`` file. For example:
```
